== README

This is a sample Rails app for storing user purchases.

The application stores the:
 - User: email and name
 - Purcahse: Associated user, status (draft, completed, cancelled), and purchased_at location (See note 1).

The application, also sends a "Welcome" email to new uesrs.

Setup:

Install the Rails app
 - Download into your directory of your choice.
 - Make sure all the Rails prerequisites are in place, such as Ruby, Postgres, etc.
 - Run bundle (install)
 - run 'rake db:drop db:create db:migrate db:seed'
 - run "rails s'

 The app should come up, and be running at localhost:3000

Sample queries:

POST
Create user (and send subsequent "welcome" email):
  curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded" -d 'name=Martin Sommer&email=martin@sommer.net' "http://localhost:3000/users"

Create purchase:
  curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded" -d 'user_id=1&purchased_at=Best Buy&status=completed' "http://localhost:3000/purchases"

GET:
(1) Find all completed Purchases and purchaser in last 7 days
  curl -X GET "http://localhost:3000/purchases/show"

(2) Find only Users with purchases found in task (1)
  curl -X GET "http://localhost:3000/purchases/show?limit=name"

(3) Return only emails of Users found in task (2)
  curl -X GET "http://localhost:3000/purchases/show?limit=email"

Notes:

In this example:
1. The Purchase "purchased_at" field would imply a datestamp using Rails conventions, but: a) that is redundant to "created_at", and b) the field could be better used as the "purchase location". For this reason, I am changing purchased_at to a string vs timestamp, and will store the location/vendor instead. The actual timestamp, will be "created_at". As with any project, this requirement can be changed.
2. Its assumed that the three listed quiries above, are to be done through HTTP calls of the app, and not simply SQL queries to the database. If required, that can be done as well.
3. The following requirement is unclear: "Find all completed Purchases and purchased in last 7 days". The working assumption, is that "purchased" is meant to be "purchaser", it would read: "Find all completed Purchases and purchaser in last 7 days".
